Welcome back.
Remember our task at the beginning of this section.
I know we've gone through a lot of videos but if you remember all of this was for Bruno her boss he
asked us to make the KCl Corp. Web site a little bit faster.
And now we have some knowledge to do that.
So let's go check it out.
I have over here the Kaikohe Corp Web site and I'll link to this.
And the project files after this video.
Don't worry.
Now looking at this web site I mean it looks pretty fine.
It's got some cool animations.
All right.
Not bad.
It's features some other products that they've created.
Very nice.
But let's put this Web site to the test.
I have two web sites here for us that we're going to use.
And they're really really important for performance testing.
The first one is Page Speed insites by Google developers and we can enter a u r l and old do some speed
tests for us.
So I'm going to analyze that.
And while that's working I'm also going to go to Web page test.
Another great tool and I'm going to enter the Web site and the cool thing about this is that I can choose
the test location and the device.
Let's just say that we're going to use a.
Yeah we'll just leave it with the default mobile view.
And I'm going to say start test.
Let's go back to page inside.
While this is going on her right we're getting a couple of exclamation marks here which is never a good
sign.
It looks like it's displaying nicely on the mobile.
But looking at this we have some optimizations that we can do we can eliminate Brandur and blocking
javascript and see SS and optimize images.
Caching is something that we'll cover later on in the course so we don't need to worry about it.
But 75 out of 100 is not very good especially if Kaikohe Corp. wants to be a serious tech company.
Let's look at the desktop.
Even worse 65 out of 100 again Page Speed is awesome because Ill show you how to fix these issues and
I'll show you what images can be compressed and all these other things that.
Well we already know how to do that right.
We've gone through it.
Let's look at the web page test.
All right.
Not too bad.
We're getting actually a couple of A's.
Some BS on the compressed image again caching can be better.
But looking at this web page gives us a lot of information that we can analyze and you can read for
it yourself.
We see that we can definitely improve a couple of things.
So here's the challenge.
Learning what you've learned.
I wanted to take this Web site and try to improve it.
The code for it is not very pretty.
But we're not really worried about code right now we're worry about how can we improve the performance
of this website using these two Web sites to help us out.
Have a little challenge.
And as a community we'll see who can build the fastest Web site.
You're going to work on this.
And then in the next video also give you what I would have done if I was working on this but I wanted
to post your code and your results into the chat community that we have.
And let's compare let's trade tips and tricks and let's see who can build the fastest Web site.
I'll see in the next one by.